applications: nrf_desktop: Fix finding next report state (#6024)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * Updated documentation with information about forwarding boot reports.
    See the documenation page of nRF Desktop's :ref:`nrf_desktop_hid_forward` for details.
  * Fixed an issue that was causing the HID keyboard LEDs to remain turned on after host disconnection while no other hosts were connected.

>   * Fixed an issue that was causing an assertion fail in :ref:`nrf_desktop_hid_state` on nRF Desktop peripheral while the USB connected host booted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Fixed an issue that was causing an assertion in the :ref:`nrf_desktop_hid_state` on the nRF Desktop peripheral device during the boot of the host device connected through USB.
```

Author: Added fix manually
